hey guys welcome back to basics with
babish we're this week I've partnered
with blue apron to help transform taco
night
blue apron is a meal kit delivery
service that makes it easy to cook
healthy meals at home and the first
hundred people to sign up using the link
in this video's description will get $50
off their first two weeks of deliveries
we're going to use this kit to make some
asian-inspired hoisin chicken tacos
later but for now let's get all our new
toys in the fridge and get down to
basics
[Music]
okay so first things first I'm in the
mood for corn tortillas if you want to
make flour tortillas check out the fish
tacos episode of binging with babish
otherwise follow along with me as we
combine 2 cups of masa harina with one
and a quarter cups water mix gently by
hand and pat into a ball that's it
mic drop cover with plastic wrap and let
it rest for 20 minutes before pressing
into tortillas using a tortilla press
and a plastic food-storage bag that you
have cut open like a book this prevents
the tortilla dough from sticking to the
tortilla press
so now just roll out golf ball sized
balls of dough close the tortilla press
and let it do what it does best
but babish you might be asking what if I
didn't spend $30 on a 10 pound cast-iron
unitasker that I'll probably only use
once a year well the answer lies in the
heavy bottom of a good old-fashioned
skillets simply press down firmly on our
plastic bag contraption up a little bit
more firmly than that put your whole
body into it and presto you'll be
greeted with the same high-quality
homemade tortilla once you've got your
tortillas out of whatever press you're
using you want to bring it over to a
waiting preheated nonstick or cast-iron
skillet make sure it's ripping hot and
flip after 30 seconds to one minute or
until you've got a few brown spots let
it go for maybe another 20 seconds on
the other side before removing from the
heat and keeping warm in a tortilla
warmer or in a low oven wrapping foil
all right so now that we've got our
tortillas finished it's time to address
the matter of what to put inside them
I'm gonna make three different kinds of
tacos I'm going to start off by making a
chimichurri for steak into a food
processor I'm placing one Fresno pepper
a few cloves of garlic a handful of
parsley or cilantro if that's your thing
a quarter cup of olive oil and a few
tablespoons of red wine vinegar I'm also
going to lightly season it with salt and
freshly ground pepper and then it's time
to take it for a spin until it is
lightly chopped but not fully pureed
this is going to act as both be sauce
and the marinade for our skirt steak
oops do not forget to fold down the top
of your bag so you don't get any meat
juice on the outside of the bag and add
about half of our chimichurri reserving
the other half for later application
squeeze all the air out and give it a
nice deep tissue massage making sure the
marinade is evenly distributed place in
bowl and fridge for at least 30 minutes
and up to overnight now let's do some
chicken we didn't have much time to
shoot this episode so I'm going to make
three different kinds of tacos all at
once I hope you don't mind we're
starting by butterflying the chicken
placing it into a similarly outfitted
bag and preparing a simple marinade
courtesy of America's Test Kitchen a few
cloves of roughly chopped garlic the
juice of two limes good shake each of
white pepper and cumin smoked paprika
oregano and for a little bit of heat
cayenne pepper you can omit this if
you're a wuss we're also gonna add a
good drizzle of olive oil a healthy
sprinkling of salt and a few twists of
freshly ground black pepper we're also
gonna add a little bit of sugar this is
gonna help with the Browning of the
chicken later on whisk it together and
toss that bad boy into the marinade bag
give it a massage put it in a bowl and
frigid for one to four hours last up I'm
going to make some tacos with chorizo
and potato for this we're gonna start by
simply peeling and chopping our potato
into nice little bite sized cubes then
we're going to put them into a pot and
cover them with cold water which we're
going to slowly bring up to a boil we're
gonna salt the water a little bit for
flavor and expedited boiling which takes
a long time when you use a blowtorch
just kidding we're also gonna add a
little bit of white vinegar this is
gonna help the potatoes retain their
structure after parboiling these for
about 10 minutes drain and place them on
a rimmed baking sheet to cool completely
next up the accoutrement for our chicken
we're going to make Rajas con crema
which our poblano peppers that have been
roasted and cooked in a zesty sort of
Mexican sour cream
you can tell I'm excited to roast some
peppers because it means I get to burn
things over an open flame and that's
just what we're doing putting these guys
right on the stove great until they turn
black on the outside we're then wrapping
them in foil to soften them up letting
them rest for 10 minutes unwrapping them
and peeling off all the black stuff I
often like to leave this stuff on but
apparently it's bad for you so I can't
really recommend it anyway now that
we've got them nice and peeled and safe
for consumption we're gonna slice them
into strips and these ones look a little
bit too long so I'm also going to cut
them crosswise so they're nice and
bite-sized now also for the chicken
tacos we're going to make some quick
pickled radishes aka one of the few
beautiful comforts in an otherwise cold
indifferent universe simply scrub wash
and thinly sliced radishes put them in a
heatproof Bowl and pour some boiling
apple cider vinegar over
top if you're just making these for
snacking like I do you can also add
things like mustard seeds and whole
peppercorns and fresh dill but these
will do nicely for our purposes we're
gonna let these quick pickle for about
an hour or until they've cooled off last
piece of accoutrement some simply diced
onions combined with a little bit of
chopped fresh parsley or cilantro and
the juice of one lime mix it up and let
it sit for 15 minutes now at long last
it's time to head over to the stove this
is kind of an interesting episode of
basics because it's the workflow that
you'd have if you're making all three of
these tacos for like a dinner party or
something anyway we're starting by
browning some chorizo that we've
squeezed out of its skin and in another
non-stick pan we're getting some onions
started with a little bit of olive oil
these will be for the Roskam crema once
they've softened up a little bit it's
time to add the raw Hass otherwise known
as the roast poblano peppers from
earlier we're gonna season those with a
little bit of dried oregano and let them
get to know each other just a little bit
during which time we can throw our steak
on a preheated cast-iron skillet this is
a skirt steak so you'll remember that we
want this ripping hot so we can cook it
as fast as possible same goes for our
nice thin butterfly chicken
next up we're adding about a quarter cup
of heavy cream and the juice of half a
lime tor poblano pepper onion mixture
and simmering that for about five
minutes or until thickened we're also
gonna season it with a little bit of
salt and pepper the lime helps emulate
the sort of zing that we would have
gotten from real Mexican crema
now that the chorizo is nice and brown
we're gonna put it on a plate set it
aside reserve a little bit of that
sausage fat adding to it a little bit of
vegetable oil while that's heating up
check the browning on our steaks give
them a flip if they're ready to go and
once the fat and the chorizo pan is nice
and sizzling hot we're gonna add our par
boiled potatoes leaving them untouched
over high heat for about two minutes so
we get some nice crispy brown spots
achieve some steak flame that is totally
going on Instagram and remove once the
interior of our steak reaches a hundred
and thirty degrees Fahrenheit cover with
foil and set aside to rest give the
potatoes a flip now that they've browned
and crisped up a little bit give the
chicken a flip make sure it's not
overcooking we don't want those going
over 165 try to keep sampling and
tasting as you go so you know how you
want to adjust the seasoning of each
element of a dish I'm gonna add some
salt and a little splash of olive oil to
help these guys finish up once the
potatoes have some nice brown stuff on
them add back the sausage and boom
are done just heat the mixture of the
whole way through while the chicken
stubbornly comes up to temperature the
steak and the chicken have rested so
it's time to carve we're cutting across
the grain on the steak and then cutting
into bite-sized pieces the chicken cut
it up however you like just make sure
it'll fit in the taco and a long last
it's time to plate up one taco with a
healthy helping of our chorizo potato
mixture one with a few strips of our
steak and one with a few strips of
chicken you can obviously top these up
however you like but I like to put the
Rajas con crema on the chicken with a
few of the pickled radishes a little bit
of the reserved chimichurri sauce on the
steak our onion and fix launcher mixture
on the chorizo potato and all free with
the generous helping of cotija cheese if
you can't find cotija feta is an
acceptable substitute sort of and there
you have it three delicious if a bit
labor-intensive tacos sure to spice
things up ahead your next dinner party
but what about something a little bit
more weeknight a little bit healthier a
little bit easier blue aprons got me
I'm chute blue aprons got us covered
with some asian-inspired poisoned
chicken tacos start by cutting the four
included sweet potatoes into wedges and
then we're gonna prepare a mixture in
which to toss them we're gonna start by
placing into a large bowl a little dab
of white miso paste a tablespoon of
water and two tablespoons of olive oil
we're also gonna season this with salt
and freshly ground pepper then we want
to whisk the whole thing together until
it is a homogeneous of slurry I'm sorry
I didn't use tiny whisk into which we
are going to toss our sweet potato
wedges give them a little toss until
they are evenly coated in the mixture we
are then arranging these guys on a
parchment or aluminum foil lined baking
sheet and placing in a 425 degree
fahrenheit oven for 25 to 30 minutes
during which time we're gonna get the
fillings for the tacos ready we are
stemming and seeding four ounces of
sweet and adorable little peppers that
we are then having and thinly slicing
we're gonna put those in a bowl with two
smashed and roughly chopped garlic
cloves
then we're gonna bust out our woefully
inadequate backup vegetable peeler and
peel the skin off a little one-inch knob
of fresh ginger that we're then going to
finely mince you can also run this
through a microplane if you like at
school thing about blue apron if you
follow the directions to a tee you're
gonna end up with a great meal but you
can also put your own spin on it
or employ your own techniques next up I
am following the directions and thinly
slicing two small halved qkm
along with the white parts of two
scallions I'm gonna give those a rough
chop so they're a little bit less
intrusive and add those to the
cucumber's along with the cutest little
bottle of rice vinegar that you ever did
see we're also gonna add a little splash
of olive oil and season this with salt
and freshly ground pepper and let it
marinate for the 20 minutes or so until
the tacos are done a little bit more
coot romano take care of we're going to
thinly slice the green parts of the
scallions and season a tiny little
serving of creme fraiche with a little
bit of salt and freshly ground pepper
and now it's time to move over to the
stovetop we got to start by heating up
our flour tortillas and a preheated
nonstick skillet
you could also microwave them between
two damp paper towels but either way as
soon as the skillet frees up we're gonna
hit it with some vegetable oil and drop
in our two pounds of ground chicken
which we're gonna break up a little bit
season with salt and pepper and let it
sit for about three or four minutes
until it turns a bit Brown optionally
practice your tossing skills either way
make sure the chicken is cooked through
before adding our sweet pepper garlic
ginger mixture toss those together and
cook for an additional two to three more
minutes until those flavors have gotten
to know each other
and then add the two packets of hoisin
sauce and the little cup of black bean
sauce toss together and let simmer for
an additional minute and we got
ourselves some taco filling turn off the
heat and keep it warm whilst we assemble
our tacos oh and by the way our sweet
potato wedges came out pretty awesome
now we can plate those up along with the
main course now this whole thing only
took about 35 minutes to make it's the
perfect little dinner for me and me
again when I have leftovers tomorrow
blue apron is an awesome way to get
cooking at home pick up new cooking
skills and help your family eat healthy
they use a farm-fresh ingredients all
their meals are between 500 to 800
calories per serving
they've even teamed up with Bob's
Burgers and Alvin kai-lan to bring some
of slobs punny burgers to life in your
kitchen and like I mentioned earlier the
first hundred people to sign up using
the link in this video's description
you'll get $50 off their first two weeks
I hope you guys give it a try yourselves
now if you'll excuse me it's Taco Time
[Music]